{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
What can you do with a DDW ticket?\
\
During DDW, presentations by designers can be seen at more than 100 locations. You can exchange a DDW ticket once for a personal wristband. This wristband gives you 9 days of access to:\
\
\uc0\u9679  Klokgebouw\
\
\uc0\u9679  Microlab Hall\
\
\uc0\u9679  Graduation Show Design Academy Eindhoven @ Heuvel\
\
\uc0\u9679  Van Abbemuseum: The Space Between Us & Dwarsverbanden\
\
\uc0\u9679  Sectie-C\
\
\uc0\u9679  Dutch Invertuals\
\
\uc0\u9679  Kazerne \'96 Home of Design\
\
\uc0\u9679  New Order of Fashion Lab\
\
\uc0\u9679  Philips Museum\
\
\uc0\u9679  Evoluon\
\
All other DDW locations are free to visit.\
\
The DDW wristband also gives you access to the Renault Design Rides, free of charge. More information about the Renault Design Rides can be found here.\
\
Admission to DDW is free for children aged 11 years and under.\
\
What does a DDW ticket cost?\
\
|Online||At the door|\
\
|DDW regular ticket||\'80 24,50 (incl. VAT & service costs)||\'80 28,00 each|\
\
|DDW student ticket\
\
|\
\
(12-17 years or in possession of a student card)\
\
|\'80 15,00 (incl. VAT & service costs)||\'80 18,50 each|\
\
|DDW PRO ticket||\'80 170,00 (incl. VAT & service costs)||Not available at the door|\
\
|DDW family ticket\
\
|\
\
(up to 5, of which max. 2 adults)\
\
|Not available online||\'80 62,50 each|\
\
|Children\
\
|\
\
11 years and under\
\
|Free||Free|\
\
Questions & answers\
\
What extras go with the DDW PRO ticket?\
\
In addition to entrance to DDW23, the PRO ticket grants you access to the following extras:\
\
- Access to the DDW Business Club meet-up.\
\
- Complementary participation in a DDW Discovery Tour at Strijp-S.\
\
- Free access to one interCHANGES and all other interCHANGES at a 20% discount.\
\
- A free DDW bicycle for 9 days.\
\
- Access to the DDW Business Lounge and its facilities.\
\
- Special discount offers on hotel stays in Eindhoven.\
\
- Whatsapp service for quick questions and answers.\
\
- Personalised notification with information about your visit to DDW.\
\
- DDW tote bag and pin.\
\
After purchasing your DDW PRO ticket, you will receive a confirmation email from us with more information. In this email, you will find various links to redeem the PRO extras, such as making reservations for your DDW bike, the tour, interCHANGES, and other events you wish to attend. If you have any questions about this, please contact us at tickets@dutchdesignfoundation.com.\
\
Click here for all the information regarding the DDW PRO ticket.\
\
Can I buy a ticket just for the Klokgebouw?\
\
No, unfortunately it\'92s not possible to buy individual tickets for Klokgebouw, Microlab Hall, Graduation Show - Design Academy Eindhoven, Van Abbemuseum, Evoluon, or Sectie-C. It is however possible to buy a day ticket for certain locations / expo\'92s: Kazerne (\'805,-), Dutch Invertuals (\'805,-), New Order of Fashion Lab (\'802,50) or Philips Museum (\'8011,-).\
\
I only want to visit DDW for one day. Is there also a day ticket?\
\
The DDW ticket actually has the price of a day ticket. But there\'92s so much to see! We believe you cannot visit DDW in just one day. That\'92s why we offer visitors the chance to come as many days as they like. As long as you keep your wristband on, you can enjoy DDW 9 days long for the price of a day ticket.\
\
I want to visit DDW with a company or organisation, where can I order tickets?\
\
As a company or organisation, you can buy tickets by invoice. You will benefit from volume discounts. A DDW regular ticket costs \'8024.50 *\
\
- Starting at 25 DDW Regular Tickets \'8022 per ticket*\
\
- Starting at 100 DDW Regular Tickets \'8020 per ticket*\
\
* all prices quoted include 9% VAT\
\
For orders of 100 DDW wristbands or more, there is a 20% refund.\
\
Companies can order tickets by invoice starting at 25. Do you want to order less than 25 tickets? Then order your tickets through the regular ticketshop. You will also receive a VAT receipt through this route.\
\
Companies can choose whether they prefer to receive e-tickets or wristbands.\
\
- All e-tickets will be sent to the contact person by email before DDW after payment of the invoice.\
\
- Further distribution should be self-organised.\
\
- Wristbands can be picked up at a pre-arranged time at the Dutch Design Foundation office at Strijp-S, Eindhoven. During DDW wristbands can be collected from the pick-up point in the Klokgebouw at Strijp-S, Eindhoven.\
\
- Wristbands need to be collected in one batch.\
\
The choice for e-tickets or wristbands can be made further in the process.\
\
Once the choice has been made for e-tickets, they can no longer be converted into wristbands.\
\
The ordering process is done via a web form, which you can find by clicking the button below. Unfortunately, we are unable to process requests by email.\
\
A quote will be sent, which must be digitally signed by the contact person. An invoice is then generated and sent. The order is final when the invoice has been paid.\
\
For more information about the possibilities or for other questions about tickets, please contact tickets@dutchdesignfoundation.com or call: 040 296 11 50 - choice 2 in the option menu.\
\
I want to visit DDW with a school or educational institute, where can I order tickets?\
\
As an educational institute you can buy tickets by invoice. We are again offering a reduced student rate of \'8015,- per DDW student ticket*. Per 20 students you will receive a free DDW regular ticket for supervisors. We use a -5 rule, which means:\
\
- 20 students 1 free supervisor band\
\
- 35 students 2 free supervisor bands\
\
- 55 students 3 free supervisor bands\
\
- 75 students 4 free supervisor bands\
\
etc.\
\
Order and pick up\
\
Schools will be given the opportunity to order tickets in the form of wristbands. These can be picked up at a pre-arranged time at the DDF office (before DDW) or the pick-up point in the Klokgebouw (during DDW). This means the pick-up location is dependent on the date. The ordering process is done via an online form, which you can find by clicking the button below. Unfortunately, we are unable to process requests by email.\
\
Additional tickets\
\
You can order extra DDW tickets for \'8024.50 per supervisor*. Because these tickets have been offered at a reduced rate, any extra tickets cannot be returned. We recommend carefully considering the number of DDW tickets you want to reserve.\
\
Ordering process\
\
The ordering process is done via a web form, which you can find by clicking the button below. Unfortunately, we are unable to process requests by email. A quote will be sent, which must be digitally signed by the contact person. An invoice is then generated and sent. The order is final when the invoice has been paid.\
\
* all prices quoted include 9% VAT\
\
Kiss & Ride\
\
The Kiss & Ride of DDW is at the Achtseweg Zuid. This is on the other side of Beukenlaan, clearly indicated by the DDW Kiss & Ride signs. At the Kiss & Ride location the bus can temporarily park at Strijp-S Station so that all students can get off. However, we kindly but urgently ask you not to leave the bus here. There is sufficient free parking space for tour buses further down Achtseweg Zuid.\
\
For more information about the possibilities or for other questions about tickets, please contact tickets@dutchdesignfoundation.com or call: 040 296 11 50 - choice 2 in the option menu.\
\
Are NS combi tickets available for DDW23?\
\
Yes, again this year you can use the combi ticket with NS (Dutch railway). Are you coming to DDW by train? Then buy your ticket via the NS Spoordeelwinkel. Are you from the Eindhoven region and coming by train? Then check out the special region rate applicable to the NS combi ticket.\
\
Are there any discounted tickets available?\
\
This year, you can buy your DDW ticket in the first week of September for the same price as in 2022. Note: this is a limited number, so be quick! In the period 1 to 10 September, you can buy the regular DDW ticket for 23,00 euros and the DDW PRO ticket for 150,00 euros. We will not increase the price of the student ticket. We believe students should always be able to visit DDW at a favourable rate.\
\
Where do I exchange my e-ticket for a wristband or buy one at the door?\
\
You can exchange the DDW ticket for a personal wristband or buy one at the door. This is possible at the following locations:\
\
|Location||DDW-ticket (regular / student / CJP)||DDW Pro Ticket|\
\
|Klokgebouw||Yes||Yes|\
\
|Microlab Hall||Yes||No|\
\
|Graduation Show Design Academy @ Heuvel||Yes||No|\
\
|Sectie-C||Yes||No|\
\
|Eindhoven Central Station ticket sales point||Yes||Yes|\
\
|Van Abbemuseum||Yes||No|\
\
|Evoluon||Yes||No|\
\
It is not possible to collect a wristband for someone else. The wristband is valid as soon as it is on your wrist and gives you access to DDW from Saturday 21 to Sunday 29 October. Once a wristband is removed, it is no longer valid.\
\
Wristband sales at the door\
\
At the above venues, it is also possible to buy a ticket at the door. This can only be done by debit or credit card. It is not possible to pay in cash. Please note, purchasing a ticket at the door is only possible at an additional cost of 3.50 euros per ticket. The family ticket is only offered at the door at a fixed price of 62.50 euros. You must collect the ticket with your whole family in person at the box office.\
\
Is there a special discount for people over 65, CJP-pass holders or for Museumkaart holders?\
\
No, we do not offer discounts for people over 65, Museumkaart holders or We Are Public card holders. Discounts are only available for students and children aged 12 to 18. Do you have a CJP-pass? Then you can buy a DDW ticket for the CJP rate via the CJP website.\
\
Is it possible to receive a VAT invoice when I buy a ticket online?\
\
After purchasing the ticket, you will receive a confirmation email with a link to download your own VAT invoice. We will not be able to change any data on it for you after purchasing the ticket.\
\
I ordered by invoice. Where can I pick up my wristbands?\
\
Wristbands that companies or schools ordered by invoice can be collected from the DDW office, unless otherwise agreed. The address is: Torenallee 22-08. Schools that have agreed to collect the wristbands at the pick-up point in Klokgebouw can go there during the DDW opening hours: 11:00 to 18:00. We kindly ask large groups to have 1 person collect the wristbands, and then distribute them to the group outside. This is to avoid congestion in the entrance.\
\
Is there a discount for visitors in a wheelchair?\
\
No, there is no discount for visitors in a wheelchair, as DDW is wheelchair accessible. It is possible to pick up a free DDW ticket wristband for one aide at the ticketdesk at the Klokgebouw, Microlab Hall, Sectie-C, DDW ticket sales point - Central Station, Graduation Show- Design Academy @ Heuvel, Evoluon or at the van Abbemuseum.\
\
Can I go out and get back in again?\
\
Yes, as long as you wear the wristband you can go in and out of locations. Keep in mind that it can get (sometimes unexpectedly) crowded in some locations. That could mean you have to queue up (again).\
\
Can I buy individual tickets for DDW tours this year?\
\
No, there are no tickets for individual tours available this year. This is something we would like to reintroduce in the future. At this time, there are only business tours available. Check ddw.nl/en/tours for information on corporate tours.\
\
Where can I ask question about payment and ordering issues?\
\
You can ask questions about the payment and ordering of tickets here.\
\
What should I do if I cannot wear a wristband for 9 days?\
\
A personal pass may be available to you if you meet the following criteria:\
\
Due to a severe reason (e.g. your profession or hospitalisation) you cannot keep your DDW wristband on for several days? You can then request a personal pass from DDW. This can be done at the service desk of the Klokgebouw and Design Academy Eindhoven. Passes are personal and replace wristbands once issued. As creating a personal pass is an expensive and time-consuming process, we charge a fee of 1.00 euro per pass as an exception to the regular ticket system.\
\
Please note you can only create a personal pass while wearing your wristband. For this reason, you must first exchange your e-ticket or purchase a wristband at the box office before we can create a pass for you. As a result, please request your pass as soon as possible after receiving your wristband. If the wristband is cut, it loses its validity and cannot be replaced. Let the service person cut the wristband for you.\
\
We are unable to accommodate all requests to exchange wristbands for passes. Decisions made by service members are final.\
\
What should I do if I cannot buy a ticket due to lack of funds?\
\
Are you unable to purchase a ticket for DDW23 due to a lack of funds? The Cultuur Inclusief might be able to assist you.\
\
Culture Inclusief manages a limited amount of discount vouchers for DDW23. Their website explains how you can qualify for a discount. The DDW organisation is responsible for making the discount available but does not control its distribution.\
\
Where can I find the answer to my other questions regarding DDW?\
\
Answers to all other questions regarding DDW can be found on the visitors-page or in the visitors FAQ.\
\
Where can I find the conditions regarding DDW tickets?\
\
The conditions regarding tickets and access to DDW23 can be found on the ddw.nl website.}